Who is that?
Why do you feel that you look better than Yanjiang Man?
Are you blind?
He is Lin Wenli
What do you look good for? You look so ugly.
I really thought I could be a phoenix without a chicken feather
He still has the face to scum the birthday party
It's thicker than pig skin
Happy Birthday Jiangnan
This is a gift for you, heart of the ocean, thank you uncle
It's a coincidence that you have a birthday today, by the way, Jiangnan
I also gave Wen Li the same gift.
Mr. Yan
How can you take Lin Wenli and your niece
On a par?
What kind of shit is Lin Wenli? Enough is enough.
If you hadn't been hiding in the middle
How could they have so many conflicts?
Happy birthday to Yan Jiangnan
I made this myself and gave it to you.
I don't care what you can give me.
I really don't know where you got such a big face
Before coming here, play tricks to win the game
You think you're not ashamed enough?
Just pretend to say such a thing
Get out of here as soon as possible
Then I will
Let's leave you alone.
Hey, what are you doing?
Did you hit me?
Obviously you hit me first
What the hell are you talking about?
Are we all blind?
Obviously, you hit Xiaomei first.
How dare you!
Forget it, uncle, don't speak for him
Just go.
Don't affect my birthday mood